
Please ignore the README.md
This will test your skills in basic linux commands. You will also be provided a command list (commands.txt) but try not to look at it unless you are truly stuck. Try not to use external resources. You are also provided a text file named answers.txt, this is where you will put your answers to any questions. 

This enviroment is simulating a single linux machine with two users, brandon and james. Use the commands you have learned so far to solve these problems. 

Good luck

1) James is a music producer for his band SomniumSeeker and stores his music on the company computer. He has forfited his right to privacy because of company policy, what are the three songs in his music directory?

2) James has stored his TODO list in his Documents directory on the company computer. What is the second and fourth item on his list?

3) This is weird. We notice that James is missing a Video directory. Please make one for him.

4) James has stored his tax information on the company computer. What is in this file? Here at the company we do not pay taxes so we should remove this file from the computer. Please remove this file after reading it's contents (Remember to put the file contents into answers.txt).

5) There seems to have been a mistake somewhere in the pipeline. For some reason James' Pictures directory has a picture named brandons_propertey.jpg. This is incorrect and should be in brandons Picture directory. Please move this file from this directory to brandons Pictures directory.

6) Brandon has called the help desk (for the 700th time today) complaining that a file owned by james "james_property_DNS.txt" is in his Music directory. If his claim is true, please move this file to james' Documents directory. 
Bonus question: This file contains an essential company password in it. The password looks like 'password:XXXXX', where the X's are the password. Please find this password in the file and put it in the answers.txt file. HINT: use 'grep'

7) Naturally, Brandon has pissed us off. So we are gonna do a full blown investigation on his account. Please navigate to Brandon's Documents directory. 
This is very troubling. It appears Brandon is a freak of nature and has stored his 17 terrabytes of porn on his account. Please list all the files in this directory. After listing them please delete the directory.

8) After firing Brandon, We need to update the system's software. At this company we use the 'apt' package manager. Please update the system. HINT: Remember that this is a two step process. We need to first 'update' the repository, then we 'upgrade' the packages. 

9) James has complained that his favorite piece of software is missing "cowsay". Because we are a coporate drone, we shall install it for him. DO IT NOW. After installing please check that it is working by running 'cowsay "Hello world"'. Put this output in answers.txt 

10) Because James is our only employee, the company has hired a new slav...I mean worker. His name is Rupert and he needs a new account. Please make a new directory named 'rupert' where the james and brandon directory are located. After that please create a 'Documents', 'Pictures', 'Downloads', 'Video', and 'Music' directory inside of the 'rupert' director' directory.

This concludes the test. PM on discord with the answers.
